atexit.o: atexit.c
atexit.o: ./udposix.h
config.o: config.c
config.o: ./config.c
config.o: ././config.c
getuduser.o: getuduser.c
getuduser.o: ./udposix.h
inetutil.o: inetutil.c
inetutil.o: ./inetutil.h
linklist.o: linklist.c
linklist.o: ./udposix.h
linklist.o: ./udalloc.h
linklist.o: ./linklist.h
memmove.o: memmove.c
memmove.o: ./udposix.h
pathname.o: pathname.c
pathname.o: ./udposix.h
sigaddset.o: sigaddset.c
sigaddset.o: ./udposix.h
sigdelset.o: sigdelset.c
sigdelset.o: ./udposix.h
sigdummy.o: sigdummy.c
sigdummy.o: ./udposix.h
sigemptyset.o: sigemptyset.c
sigemptyset.o: ./udposix.h
sigprocmask.o: sigprocmask.c
sigprocmask.o: ./udposix.h
sigsuspend.o: sigsuspend.c
sigsuspend.o: ./udposix.h
strbuf.o: strbuf.c
strbuf.o: ./udposix.h
strbuf.o: ./udalloc.h
strbuf.o: ./strbuf.h
strbuf.o: ./udposix.h
strerror.o: strerror.c
strerror.o: ./udposix.h
strstr.o: strstr.c
strstr.o: ./udposix.h
strvec.o: strvec.c
strvec.o: ./udposix.h
strvec.o: ./udalloc.h
strvec.o: ./strvec.h
udalloc.o: udalloc.c
udalloc.o: ./udposix.h
udalloc.o: ./udalloc.h
uddummy.o: uddummy.c
uderrmsg.o: uderrmsg.c
uderrmsg.o: ./udposix.h
uderrmsg.o: ./uderrmsg.h
ulog.o: ulog.c
ulog.o: ./inetutil.h
ulog.o: ./ulog.h
